Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining me again today.
We really appreciate y'all always showing up and praying with us. It's such a blessing.
We really prayed hard last night and I believe we've seen a lot of results, all to the glory of God. Isn't that amazing? It's kind of like putting a fire out.
It's like you have a fire extinguisher and you can see it kind of going across the world—a defusing of things right now.
You can see all the things that are happening in the world right now with all the major articles that Braden found today, with even President Trump and Israel saying don't strike Iran right now and the other Arab nations.
And I thought, well, isn't that interesting? It felt like it was a volcano that was getting ready to explode yesterday as I was interceding all day long.
We could feel the pressure of this thing mounting and mounting.
It was to the point where I told Diana, 'This thing is about to go off right now.'It felt so imminent, but the Lord said, 'This can't be done by yourself.
You're going to have to have corporate intercession.'So He said, 'Bring it to the people and pray last night over what we were seeing.'And so that's what we did.
I want to show you some of the articles that came in the news today that Braden found that I believe are a result of all of us praying.
You had the WWPs praying with Sister Billy and her group, and there's a lot of you that come from over there to our broadcast, and we're so grateful for every single one of you.
I want to show... do you have any of those articles? Yes. Germany. This is what I thought was kind of interesting.
Remember I told you when I was looking in the spirit, I felt, 'Don't—you're going to escalate this if he goes after NATO...
if he goes after Greenland.'I felt such a red light, green light, and the Lord was showing us this is going to burn bridges so greatly with Europe if he does this.
Now, a lot of people say, 'I don't care if he burns bridges or not.'Go back to that article.
'Germany and other NATO allies sending troops to Greenland amid Trump threats.'So they're sending troops to defend Greenland against the United States of America.
And I thought, that says something—that our allies are sending their troops to defend a nation against us because I said it will come across as a bully.
I said this will affect the midterms; I saw this affecting midterms and it was very negative.
There's a lot of people who said, 'Brandon, I just don't believe that we'll lose any kind of seats in the House or the Senate.
We're going to do a landslide home run again just like we did in 2024.
We're going to do it in 2026 and we're just going to do all this.'I said this is where the Lord said, 'Don't underestimate your enemy.
Don't underestimate the darkness on both sides.'I'm not going to sit here and say everything is always bright and sunny on the Republican side, but I'm going to tell you, for the most part, a lot of the way that the Republicans vote is biblical Christian values, and so that's why we always sway that way.
But the Lord said, 'Don't underestimate your enemy. You must pray for President Trump to finish his term.
You must pray for him to finish, live long, finish strong, and not just barely getting by, but flourish.'There was a major door last night that we were seeing when we got up to it.
I saw this major door that was a beautiful door. It was glowing with all this beautiful light, but it was a door for only Trump to go through.
It involved major decisions that he was going to make to get through this door.
But in front of this door was a black fence that had briars and rose bush thorns wrapped into it, and we had to cut it back.
I know it's symbolic, okay? It's not a real door. For all you baby Christians that are just coming on here, this is not a real door; this is a spiritual door.
There's something in the spirit realm the Lord's trying to show us.
So we are opening that door by faith, praying over whatever this door is that the Father has for President Trump.
As for the briars, we prune them back. We're taking everything off, opening and making the gate possible to get through in the spirit realm. All this is bathed in prayer; this is symbolic.
So the Lord showed us that door and we were to undergird him in prayer by lifting his hands and praying over these doors that the Lord has for him.
For He said, 'This is a door that I have presented for him, but you've got to obey this in prayer for a major assignment.'So we saw that door and we saw that assignment last night.
I could see us hacking away with a machete in the spirit realm or a sword, cutting back those thorns and those briars so that he could walk through and do what he's supposed to do.
That's what the body of Christ is called to do—to pray for our leadership.
Pray for our governors, our mayors, our police department, whoever is protecting this.
We pray for our leadership. And so that's what we did last night. We saw that, and then I saw again the red light, green light.
The Lord was showing me about the troops, praying for the troops, praying for the secret intel—our friends.
The Lord will not allow me to say a lot of what I saw last night for the safety of our people who are trying to protect our nation.
I'm just going to bypass it and move on because I don't want to get a spanking, and for their safety, it's just better.
But okay, this is what we're going to do. We're going to go over some of these other articles. Do you have any more articles?
'Israel and Arab nations ask Trump to refrain from attacking Iran for right now.'I thought that was interesting. That's what I'm saying.
That's a—I believe that is a defusing and trying to, because of what they're getting on the ground, us praying for the people that are in harm's way.
And this article could be old news right now—I don't know when he got this—but it just came out today.
So, very interesting. Any other news? Then you had Russia. Russia says blackmail and threats against Cuba are unacceptable.
We already know that I saw Russia reaching out to Cuba, trying to have an underground alliance like the 1960s Cuban missile crisis.
The Lord said, 'Watch old alliances, for they'll try to be rebirthed.'And I saw Russia giving biological weapons to Cuba and they put them underneath the ground in Cuba.
I saw 50-gallon drums. I saw a vial—it looked like a cylinder sphere thing with a biohazard on it.
And the Lord showed me this was a planned future attack through mules against America through Florida—down in Florida, Miami in particular.
And so the Lord showed us all that. Well, we see Russia coming to bat for Cuba because they needed Cuba, but they wanted Venezuela.
They wanted Colombia. They want all the alliance for the BRICS.
But this is what I was seeing when we were diffusing and taking apart their foundation of what they wanted.
Little by little, they get in a panic. It's putting the bear in a corner. And I saw us poking the bear.
Remember how many times I said, 'Be careful poking the bear.'As I saw President Trump cracking his whip, and in the visions in the past, he was standing on that stand and he was cracking his whip and he was making the bear pause and the dragon pause, and for this season, they were pausing.
But the Lord said, 'Watch how they pause just for a season.'It doesn't mean that they stop forever. They just pause. A lion tamer can only get the lion to pause.
And He said, 'I will use him right now to get some stuff done so that the body of Christ can move around and get things done more freely than what they could have if Kamala Harris would have been on the scene.
I will use him to get the church ready for a major outpouring of My spirit for what you're about to see, for the greatest move of God we've ever seen before.'And I saw the Lord using him again for finances as he was pedaling at the canoe trying to keep the economy from going over the side.
They said, 'Brandon, you say a lot of stuff about the economy.
You say, "How come we haven't seen anything?"'Then this is Satan's wheelhouse. This is what he's best at is finances.
And this is not going to take somebody being limp-wristed, sitting there being idly getting by going, 'Well, God, you're just going to rain it down on me.'You have to...
The Lord said, 'If you want this next wealth transfer, you're going to have to contend for it.'Be a contender.
How bad do you want it? How bad are you willing to pray and come against because we are in the end of the end?
How bad do you want the wealth transfer? How bad do you want it, church?
You're not just going to sit idly by and pluck it like ripe cherries off a tree.
The Lord showed me that you're going to have to be listening to Him every single step of the way.
Listening to the Father's voice so that you don't hear the stranger's voice on when to invest, what to invest in, and when to get out.
Know when to hold them, know when to fold them, know when to walk away, know when to run.
Like Kenny Rogers, you've got to count your money when you're sitting at the table. It's serious.
But most people think, 'Well, it's just going to happen,'and you just, 'Oh, I feel sorry for myself.'Nobody feels sorry for you.
That's what the Lord told me. He said, 'Nobody feels sorry for you.
Nobody feels sorry for My cry. Nobody feels sorry for the wealth transfer. How bad do you want it?
How bad do you want to be hearing Me for what I'm going to tell you to do to get the wealth from the wicked laid up for the righteous?'You're going to have to take the land; be a contender.
David had to go and slay the giant. David had to go and take the land from the Philistines.
He didn't sit back idly by and say, 'Well, God, will you just help do it all for me?'No.
The Lord said, 'Put your boat into motion and I will anoint you to get it done.'And most people in the body of Christ have a passive mentality of 'God, will you just help me do it?'because they've been taught some kind of fable or a mailbox mentality and think that it's just going to happen.
The Bible says that He'll bless whatever you put your hands to.
And most people don't want to go out and contend for it. What is He telling you to do?
Whenever they turned the water into wine, Mary said, 'Whatever He tells you to do, do it.'They didn't walk by and say, 'Jesus, fill the pots with water too.
Get it all ready and you do it all, Lord, and just supernaturally do it with your holy angel choir.'They said, 'Whatever He tells you to do, do it.'There was a part that you had to play in it.
And that's what the Lord was showing me today. We even prayed over it, and the Lord said there's a part for you to play in this.
We're co-laborers. We will work together, son. But you don't sit on your blessed assurance waiting for the harvest to come in.
How bad are you a contender for the harvest of souls? How bad do you want it?
How bad are you going to work for Me and help Me out? He's not waiting. 'Well, send your angels, Lord.
Send your Holy Ghost and fire.'We've got to put the pews down or the chairs, have a tent ready, have the fires out, tell the people to come, and then the glory comes.
That's His job. He brings the glory. It's like me. The Lord said, 'I want you to go on prayer every day. I want you to do as much as you can.
I know you're going to take some breaks, but I want you to make it a staple to pray and have people come pray with you, and you'll change things.'But I'm going to tell you, I brought a platform and we made computers.
We got the lights. We got all this, but I can't make the gift happen.
I can't turn it on. I can yield myself to Him and say, 'Father, here am I. Use me.'And if You don't show up, I'm just dabber.
But whenever He puts this super on your natural, you turn into Superman.
But until then, we have a treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of Him and not of me. I can't do anything outside of Him.
And most people think, like they say, these soothsayers contact you and they say, 'Brandon, come on our show.'These fortune tellers and all these people want me to come on their shows and talk to them and tell them how...
I don't have nothing. Brandon doesn't have any ability to do anything.
It's His ability on my flesh that allows me to see what's coming to tell you to pray.
But I can't do it outside of myself. I am solely dependent on everything He tells me to do.
And that's where it has to be with this end-time harvest money.
I am solely dependent on You telling me what to invest in and where to put my money, Father.
Because without You, I can do nothing. Show me what You want me to do.
And I will not move until I hear Your voice. That's why you get quiet.
There's so much clutter. There's so much static. People are always trying to hurry God. They're microwave. 'Well, Brandon, you pray too long.
Boy, you think a lot about yourself praying for two hours.'No, it's me trying to cultivate a relationship.
If my life doesn't display relationship, then don't watch me.
But I'm trying. Hey, I love you. I'm here. I'll help you however I can with this vessel.
And if You can put that treasure inside of me and use it today, then use it.
If not, then I'm going to go on about my business and try to do something with my hands to provide for my family.
But either way, Lord, You told me to work. A man that doesn't provide for his own is worse than an infidel.
I will do whatever I've got to do to provide for my wife and my kids.
And you know what? That's the way I think any godly man or any woman should be.
Maybe your husband can't work, but anybody that doesn't provide for his own is worse than an infidel.
Try to take care and do something. Put your boat into motion.
Stop being lazy. That's why I tell people... They say, 'Brandon, what do you do?'I do whatever I can.
If I have to mow grass, I'll mow grass. If I have to clean a car, I'll clean a car.
You don't know how many cars I cleaned. Detail business, polishing wheels, whatever you've got to do, you do it.
Especially when you're not real smart. You keep pushing and you keep doing whatever you've got to do.
And some days are easier than others. But you know, God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
I believe in the power of the seed. I bring all that up because of where we are in these end times, and I know the storm is coming.
I know where we are by the Spirit of God. We are at that little...
I feel a calm right now today. I felt like we did something—we diffused something huge.
It's like cutting off the Mission Impossible fuse; you cut it off and you go, "Ah, we were right there from the ignition switch."Boom.
That thing was about to go off, but the body of Christ came in there with two seconds left on the clock.
You have that "ah"moment in the movie, you know? That's where we were last night.
We went and we cut the red wire right in time. You're sweating bullets and you go, "It didn't go.
We did it! The red wire got cut."That's what I feel like we do sometimes in the spirit realm.
That's where we're like Mission Impossible. We're like Jason Bourne, you know?
I like those kind of movies—Mission Impossible, James Bond, the suspense.
I feel like that's what we look like in the spirit realm sometimes.
I always picture myself as that: "Hey, we're coming in; we're the secret assassins working for the Lord, helping diffuse things and work for Him and pray."Most people say, "Oh, Brandon, come on."No, it's a relationship.
I want to be that for my Father, that we can pray and we can go into the enemy's camp and take back what he's stolen from us.
"I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me; he's under my feet,"you know.
I like those old songs, but I wanted just to encourage y'all a little bit today.
You see the things in the news, you see what's going on, but we have more work to do.
So, let's take communion and pray. I won't take you all night; I try to keep it shorter. It's 19 minutes; it goes quick, man. Praise the Lord.
I was going to tell your mama to come in and write down if the Lord wants to show us anything. But isn't it amazing? I think it's interesting.
You can see so many people walking in a gift and they try to have some kind of arrogant attitude that they're doing anything.
Don't you understand that He can use anybody? Don't you understand that He can touch anybody?
If He can use a donkey, He can use anybody. He's not bound by us.
If you get a big head and you get a bad attitude, He'll just bypass you and use somebody else.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels. If He wants to show us something, we'll pray tonight, baby, and you can write it down.
I love our little book because Diana takes all these notes and she has all this stuff in here of what He's told us.
And this is so precious. Yeah, somebody sent it to us—I don't know who it was, but thank you.
We get little treasures like that—somebody sends us a little booklet or some kind of Bible.
It's really meaningful. So, Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body. Lord, we thank You for how good You have been to us.
And we thank You, Father, that You've rebuked the devourer for our sake.
We thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well by Your stripes.
Father, I thank You that You said You rebuke the devourer for our sake.
And we thank You, Father, that we be healthy, whole, and well, and everything we do in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
Now, if that offends whoever it is, get over it. You offend us when you send stupid emails.
So, Father, we thank You for Your body in Jesus'name. Thank You, Father, for the blood.
We apply the blood in Jesus'name. And we thank You, Father, for how good You've been to us and how wonderful You are.
We thank You, Father, that You forgive. We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us in Jesus'name. And we thank You, Father, for how much You've done for us already.
What can wash away our sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make us whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Father, we take the blood right now in Jesus'name.
We come boldly into Your throne in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
Well, I plead the blood over my eyes and if there's anything You want me to see, if there's anything You want me to do, Lord, we're here.
And Lord, we warn the people of what's to come. We apply the blood and we thank You, Lord, for what's to come.
You've been good to us and Your mercy endures forever. For the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
And we plead the blood, Father, and great is Your faithfulness to us.
Thank You, Lord. Father, we worship You. Praise You, Lord, for You're holy, holy, Lord.
There is none like You. You are holy, holy. Glory to You alone.
And I sing Your praises forever, ever deeper in love with You.
Here in Your courts where I'm close to Your throne, that's where I found I belong.
Father, You're so good. Oh, Father, fill our cup, Lord. We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup; fill it up and make me whole. What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Softly, tenderly, Jesus is calling, calling for you and for me.
I like this part when he goes, "Come home. Come home. You who are weary, come home."Softly, tenderly, Jesus is waiting, waiting for you and for me.
Come home. Come home. You who are weary, come home. Softly, tenderly, Jesus is waiting; all His calling is awaiting; all ye lost sinners, come home.
Do you have those words, "Softly, tenderly, Jesus is waiting, all ye lost sinners, come home"?
Do you have it? Let me see if I can get some of the words better. Thanks.
Softly, tenderly, Jesus is calling, calling for you and for me.
See, on the portals, He's waiting and watching, watching for you and for me.
Come home. Come home. Earnestly, tenderly, Jesus is calling. O sinners, come home.
Oh, the wonderful love He has promised, promised for you and for me.
Oh, for the wonderful love He has promised. Promised for you and for me.
Though we have sinned, he has mercy. Come home earnestly, tenderly, Jesus is calling.
Calling all sinners come home. I love those old songs, Diana. Thank you, Lord, for your old songs.
Hear: "All sinners come home."Your heart is the harvest, Father—the ones in the way back fields.
We call them home tonight. All the ones in the back fields, we call them home tonight.
All our unsaved loved ones, all the ones that we've stood for so much time and we've said, "Father, are they ever coming home?"I thank you, Father, that there's a suddenly for every single person that has a wayward child there tonight, Father.
And I thank you, Father—the wayward children, the wayward spouses, the wayward aunts, the uncles, the family members that are so lost, Father, that it would take a miracle for them to be snatched out of the pit of hell.
We believe that you work on the impossible cases and all things are possible to him who believes.
Tonight we call the unsaved loved ones to come home. Come home. Come home. You who are weary, come home. Come home tonight.
We thank you, Father, that you said in your word that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened because you said Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, that we stand in that gap. We stand on that wall and we pray over our unsaved loved ones and we say, "Satan, get your hands off of them.
We call them home and we call a sudden breakthrough in the mighty name of Jesus over them right now."Father, that they would have a come-to-Jesus moment.
No matter how dark, no matter how much bondage they seem to be in, Father, I thank you, Lord.
I call that bondage broken off of their lives in the name of Jesus.
We call their hearts to be pricked. What is that scripture? Baby, you said that the Lord pricks the hearts.
We call the hearts to be pricked with life in the name of Jesus.
Even the most hardened cases, we stand on the word of God and we thank you, Lord, right now that every hard case is no longer hard. Acts 2. Acts 2.
"Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do?"What shall we do?
And when they heard this, they were pricked in their hearts.
Let me read it over here: "And when they heard this, they were pricked in their hearts."Acts 2, what? 37. 37.
"And when they heard this, they were pricked in their hearts."And Father, we thank you, Lord, that they will hear the good news.
They will hear the word coming from the Holy Ghost coming out of our vessels and that Father, you will prick their hearts.
Verse 37: "And now when they heard this, they were cut to the heart and said to Peter and the rest of the apostles, 'Men and brethren, what shall we do?'"Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're going to say, "Hey, what shall we do to be saved?
What shall we do to be saved? What does it take to come to the father today?"Father, I thank you, Lord, that you work on the hardest of hearts and you prick them with just a prick with your love.
For it is the goodness of God that brings man to repentance. And we thank you, Lord, that you're moving on our behalf right now for our unsaved loved ones, for our unsaved boss, for our unsaved co-worker, for the unsaved neighbor.
We're calling them into the kingdom of God in the name of Jesus, from the north, the south, the east, the west.
We call the angels of the Lord to work on our behalf right now in the name of Jesus, warding off all evil—the principalities and the powers and the kingdom of darkness—off of our unsaved loved ones.
And we call them forth in the mighty name of Jesus, out of the pit of hell into the kingdom of God.
And we thank you, Lord, for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
We thank you, Lord, that none should perish but all come to repentance.
Now when they heard this, they were cut to the heart. They were convicted.
We thank you, Lord, that the wells of fire spring forth out of us and we don't lose our saltiness in these last days—that we remain salty and people see the salt.
They taste the salt and they taste and see that the Lord is good.
And Father, it's the goodness and the mercy that follow us all the days of our life, Lord, that when people see the light, they see it like it was on Moses's face, Father, and it's on us.
That as he is, so are we in this world. And then when people see the love of God shed abroad in our hearts, it's all over us. And they say, "What is it?
I just feel something different on you that we're not church usual; we're church unusual."I ask, Father, that every single one of us would have that spark.
It's all about the harvest, the healings that we're about to see, the creative miracles that we're about to experience, the dead being raised, the blinded eyes being open, the ears popping open, and the glory of the Lord manifesting in his services.
This is not for goosebumps and tickles, but to bring in the harvest for one last time. We may get excited about all of it.
We've been anticipating great things, and creative miracles and signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
But the ultimate thing of why we will see the signs and the wonders that follow them that believe is to save that which was lost.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for pouring out your spirit upon all flesh and another fresh fire.
Father, this world, this sick and dying world as we watch all these things going on, they just need one moment with you.
If they could just have one touch from Jesus—if we could just bring them to the throne room and bring them in, have one touch—one fresh touch from Jesus would change their life forever.
We thank you, Lord, that you're no respecter of persons and if you did it for me, Father, you'll do it for them.
It says no man comes to the father unless he's called by him. We thank you, Lord, that you're calling in the lost tonight.
All you lost sinners, come home. Come home. Come home. You who are weary, come home, softly, tenderly, Jesus is calling.
All you lost sinners come home. Come home. Come home. We're calling them home.
Even the most helpless cases in the natural, Father, they're coming home.
Well, they're coming home. Come home. Come home. It's a silent moment, son.
I feel him. We're calling them in right now, out of the darkness and into light.
Out of the darkness, let the light flood their hearts. We're calling them in right now. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
There's just something about your name, Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Father, kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
There's just something about your name, Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain. There's many of you that have wanted to speak in tongues.
There's many of you that have never experienced the baptism of the Holy Spirit with evidence of speaking in other tongues.
And the Lord said, "Tonight is your night. Tonight is your night.
Reach up by faith. Raise your hands and say, 'Fill me with the Holy Ghost.
Fill me with the Holy Ghost. Fill me with speaking in tongues to overflow.
Touch my lips with that coal of fire, Father, and fill me right now with the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire.'"And begin to speak in other tongues.
He's not going to grab your tongue and wag it for you. You've got to put your boat in motion and bring syllables out.
It's not just some kind of gibberish. Let the Holy Ghost flow out of you.
And you say, "Well, I don't..."He's not going to grab your tongue and make it happen.
You've got to put your boat in motion; he'll be the wind in the sail. It was just a little bit of a syllable. Start with it.
If it's just a couple little syllables, start with it and keep growing.
Thank you, Lord, for being filled with the Holy Spirit. Be being filled, not just once, but filled to overflow.
Overflow out of your belly. Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
Let that Holy Ghost flow out of you tonight. Let the Holy Spirit take control over you tonight.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord. I'm yielded to you, Father. I'm filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost for people to coach them.
We thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost flow. We thank you, Lord, today that you're filling them in the overflow today.
Thank you, Lord, that today is a day of a brand new start. There's a brand new start coming to a lot of you; a brand new day today.
It doesn't have to sound like my language; it's going to sound like what the Holy Ghost is telling you.
It's going to come out of you and sound different. Add your supply. As you add your supply, you bring what I didn't bring.
Everyone brings their supply and has their own private language between them and the Father.
As you bring it to the Father, it's a perfect supply coming out of you. Let the Holy Ghost reign and rule over you.
Say, 'Father, I thank you, Lord, that I have this treasure in earthen vessels.'We thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus that they be being filled with the Holy Ghost.
Just like it was in Acts chapter 2, there came a sound of a mighty rushing wind. Thank you, Father. As He is, so are we in this world. Shalom.
I see something floating on a river, and I'm trying to figure out what that is. It looks like skulls in a valley. Can these bones live?
We speak to the dry bones in your life, to the hopeless situations that seem so hopeless.
We say, 'Can these bones live in the name of Jesus?'In those hopeless situations, we call for a stirring in your spirit.
We call for what was old to be renewed in Jesus'name to have new wine and new wineskins.
Shake off that old garment and put on a garment of praise for a spirit of heaviness.
Father, we give a garment of praise. We worship you, magnify you, and glorify you. Stir yourself up. Bring yourself up out of that funk.
I'm not going to live down here anymore; I'm going to pull myself up by my bootstraps and march on, soldier.
We shake off the spirit of heaviness, depression, anxieties, and worries about the things we're seeing on the earth.
We're looking up because we know our redemption draws nigh.
We shake off the things of this earth and come up higher, soaring like eagles.
You stir yourself up out of your spirit. Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
You have to stir yourself up right now in Jesus'name. You can't just sit idly by; you're not just floating down a lazy river.
Open your mouth and let a good thing come out of it. Let this be a brand new day for you.
You take a step forward, and He'll take the rest. You have to walk out and meet Him there.
Mental barriers are breaking off of them; people are being freed mentally. It's not crazy.
The devil wants to keep talking loud in your ear, telling you not to do these things.
Shut up, Satan! Get out of here in Jesus'name. I flow in the Holy Ghost and draw near to my Father.
He says to those who knock, the door will be opened. We press, we climb, and we come up higher.
Do you understand? You have to grab hold of it by faith. I receive my forgiveness by faith.
I know that He in whom I have believed has forgiven me. I receive by faith the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the gifts of the Spirit.
The gifts and callings of God are without repentance. I believe with all my heart that every one of you has a gift to do something big.
Pray in the spirit and find out what your supply is. What has God called you to do?
You may be a missionary, a pastor, or a teacher. You may be someone in the workplace witnessing.
You could be the greatest graphic arts designer this world has ever known.
Everything we do, in word and in deed, we give to the glory of God.
Whether you're a basketball player better than Michael Jordan or a baker, you will be anointed in a way the world is not familiar with. It's all to the glory of God.
Stir yourself up and say, 'I am going to be the best at whatever I do because I'm doing it to the glory of God.'We have this treasure in earthen vessels.
Whether you're a nurse, doctor, or lawyer, in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
Father, we thank you that the treasure they carry is in those earthen vessels.
We're calling in the unsaved loved ones and thanking you for the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
We are hungry to know you on a more intimate level. We want a revelation of you every day to go from glory to glory.
We're asking God to go from glory to glory, for that refining inside of us to come up higher with the fire.
Father, we pray for President Trump. There are so many of you who don't realize the potential inside of you.
You look down at yourself because you let the devil beat you down with your sin when you mess up. I did this.
"Well, he can't use me anymore."That's why I try to tell you all the time: if God can use Brandon, he can use you.
If God can use me, he can use you. You've just got to put a smile on your face and say, "Hey, I got this.
The Lord's got it in me and I can do this."Regardless of how bad your circumstances try to be or whatever you think you're dealing with—you have a bad marriage, a bad boss, a bad workplace, a bad environment, whatever—Father, I thank you, Lord, that if you can use me, use me.
Whatever you can use, Father, if you can use me, use me. Here am I, Lord, send me. Here am I, Lord. Use me.
If you can use this old flesh, if you can use Brandon, if you can use Braden and Diana and my daughters, Father, I thank you.
If you can use me, if you can use anyone, Lord, use me. Help me, Father.
But there are so many of you that I've seen tonight who are not baptized in the Holy Ghost, who don't understand it and don't have any clue.
That's why I always tell you to get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin and read that book over and over and over again. It's a little bitty book; read it over and over again.
I have some of them lying around here, and just read it and meditate on that word.
It will change you from the inside out. It's out in the garage, son. I'm sure I've got it; it's on my bookshelf.
"What is it?""The guy."No, I was talking about Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin. "Oh, I can find it."If you... I was going to show them what it looked like, but it doesn't matter.
So, I try to encourage you all because it's so important that you're able to shake it off.
Don't allow the devil to just keep beating you down and making you feel like you can't do anything.
He'll continually bring up your past and bring up your present—how you messed up just a couple minutes ago—and tell you there's nothing you can do.
But as I'm praying, I've been seeing an earthquake. As I have been praying, I'm seeing a major earthquake coming out by the water.
I'm seeing the earthquake and my son just put it up there; it's a 6.0 that just happened.
You all need to understand we're about to see something huge.
As he put this up there, I was focused on it. It's amazing, son.
This is the earthquake I've been seeing outside of Portland.
This is 6.0 underneath that water. It's coming. I see major earthquakes coming.
But the Lord said—because I was going to get off on the trail of that, but he said—I want you.
There are so many of them that have so much potential to do much more for me than what they're doing, but they don't have anybody speaking life into them, son.
And I was going to go on the road of telling you what I was seeing right then, but I was so focused.
I want you to be prayers of precision so that when you come on this channel, we march to the beat of the same drum instead of sitting there going, "Man, I'm here. I want to add my supply, but I don't know what I'm going to do.
I don't know how to help him."There are so many believers on here that are just so hungry and thirsty, and you want to come up higher in your prayer life and you want intimacy with the Father, and you're always telling me, "Brandon, I want to know Jesus so bad.
Can I have a relationship with him like you?"This is how Brandon did it: I got a book like this, Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin. And I read it and read it until it became real to me. There are only 31 pages in this.
And they're little bitty reads, but I read this over and over and over again.
And you can find it for free online. How bad do you want change in your life?
I said, "God, I want to be used."But it came out of the baptism of the Holy Ghost; I started praying in tongues.
And the more I prayed in tongues, the more the Holy Ghost became real.
The Holy Spirit became real to me. And I tell you, he is as real to me as my family is.
He is barrel-chested. He is massive. He's green. He looks alive. There's life in him.
I don't know how else to describe what I saw, but he is thick, barrel-chested, looked like a man.
The silhouette of him appeared and I saw green. He looked like life.
I know that sounds really crazy to the natural mind and you go, "Man, this guy's high on something."No, I'm telling you, God is alive.
He's alive. The Holy Spirit's alive. But I want you to understand that you have the ability to pray in tongues and you can have a relationship with the Father, too.
And I know that may sound really wild what I just said, and I'm not trying to weird you out.
I'm just trying to tell you that there's more to a relationship with God than just feeling sorry for yourself.
"God, help. Just use me, Lord. I'm just a worm. I'm just dust."Oh, you're created in his image.
And he wants a relationship with you more than you want a relationship with him.
Do you understand? I try to bring God to make him real to you as he is real to me. I don't have fakeness.
I tell him all the time—I was ticked off this morning about some things that were happening last night, and I get upset and I start going, "This is what I feel,"and I tell him and I communicate with him.
I said, "So, what do you think? I'm irritated about this."And we talk like he's sitting right in the room with me.
I'm not disrespectful, but I tell him, "This is what I'm ticked off about. This is what I'm dealing with.
Help me."And every single time he brings peace, Brandon, because in his presence, there's peace.
There's joy. There are all the things that I need for that day. And I sit there and he diffuses that irritation.
He diffuses what I'm going through and says, "Brandon, I got the answer for you.
I didn't tell you to do any of those things. That's your flesh.
I told you to do this, this, and this, and you've deviated off course of what I've asked you to do."And the reason why is because of disobedience.
Come back to what I've asked you to do. Come back to the things and stop deviating off of what I've told you to do on certain things in your life.
And I say, "Okay, I got it."And that peace that passes all understanding will flood your heart.
And you'll sit back and you'll go... I want to ask you: how do you live your life without him?
Tell me, those of you that don't live with the Holy Spirit: how do you live your life without him?
I can't picture my life without him. I need him every second of every day. I need him all the time.
And what I'm trying to tell you is get books like this and read them and say, "Father, fill me with the Holy Ghost."That's the beginning stages of it.
This is not the end of it; this is the beginning of it—being filled.
Keep being filled. I want less of me and more of you. I decrease, you increase.
To die to self. This is just entering the doorway. It's not the end.
It's just the beginning. It's just starting the race. You're running the race...
but I'm trying to help you. Christianity is more than just having salvation.
There's intimacy with the salvation. You were once lost, but now you're found.
But now that you're found, there's more in the doorway of it.
I was once lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. But what do I see?
That there's more. He has more for me. Do you understand? People just find salvation and that's wonderful.
But there's more than just salvation. It is "Amazing Grace"—how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me.
I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. But now what do I see?
That there's more for me than just salvation. Salvation just got me to the door.
He gave it all to me. Now what is in the side of that door? That is just getting into the door.
Getting the baptism of the Holy Ghost is getting into the flow with the realm of the spirit and going to the rivers. There are rivers. There are rooms.
There are places in the spirit that I am telling you that are over and above all that you dare ask when you tap over into them. But you get there by praying in the Holy Ghost.
But a lot of people just camp around salvation and they build their tent around it and they got their Holy Ghost walls and you build your lumberjack walls of your Holy Ghost and you don't go anywhere bigger than just, I was once lost but now I'm found, and if you are doing that you are missing it.
That was just the key to say I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. Now take me and do something with this flesh.
Create in me a clean heart. Make me more like you. We have this treasure.
I keep saying it, but it is the refining fire that purifies us to make us the vessel that God wants to do something bigger with us. Does that make sense?
But most people, like I said, the Baptists, good old Baptists, the Southern Baptists, they will teach you how to get saved, but they got to teach you how to fight the devil, too.
To say, "Listen, thus far and no further. You're not robbing me of my peace.
You're not robbing me."Because that is when you learn about the blood.
What does the blood do? The blood never loses its power. The blood drives out devils. The blood.
That is why the anointing oil when you dump oil on somebody, this represents the blood of Jesus.
The blood set me free. I put the blood and I apply the blood. This is representation.
I apply the blood over my house. I apply the blood over my mind.
I apply the blood over my bed and over my house. There is no devil in hell that can come nigh me.
I march around my house and I put it on my shoes and I say the bloodline is around here.
Satan, you can't cross the bloodline. You can't touch my wife.
You can't touch my finances. You can't touch my health. You can't touch my ministry or whatever.
Oh, Father, but the blood of Jesus. And I take my communion cups and I take and you get radical when you get all in.
I'm all in. I'm radical. Let's get radical. I anoint my tires on the car. I anoint my windows on the car.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about my car.
Father, when I drive down the road, my tires stay good for a long time.
Father, if you can keep the children of Israel's shoes from wearing out and their clothes from being torn up, messed up.
You restored them. You gave them the manna and you took care of them, a cloud by day and a fire by night.
How much more can you do it for me? You are no respecter of persons.
Either you get radical, Jesus, or the devil is going to run you down in these last days.
I believe that this blood never loses his power. And I anoint my kids before they go to school.
You anoint them on the way home from school, over their face.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bring godly friends to my children. They're not going to hang around heathens and become bad.
I thank you, Lord, that we train up a child in the way they should go and when they get older, they'll not depart from it.
There are things that you have to do to be a contender for the glory.
I'm a contender. I'm here. You have chosen me and you have made me for such a time as this.
I am here, Father. Now, use me. So, I just felt that inside. That is what I was seeing when I was praying.
So, I'm just telling you what I saw in the vision. That is what I saw.
And I know that is a lot of words right there, but that is all in a nutshell of what He told me to say in that prayer time when I was interceding and praying for you and being baptized in the Holy Ghost and pulling that out and telling you it's time to put on your armor and come up higher in your prayer life with Him and not saying, "Well, every time we come to the Father, you come to Him with all your needs and all your wants and all your stuff."It you can pray in tongues and come up higher like an eagle.
He knows what you need before you have need of it. Prayer time, it shouldn't just be a list of wants. Well, you know, it is a relationship.
If I come to Diana every single time with my list of wants, well, I need you to do this, this, this, this, this, this, this. Okay, bye. She would be like, for real?
You know, I mean, after a while, she would put up with it probably for a little bit, but after a while, she would be like, "Okay, what about my needs?
What are we going to talk?"You don't do that to your wife. You don't do that, husband.
And if you do, your marriage isn't good. I guarantee you, but that is what we do to Him.
I, Father, worship Him first. I sing Him songs. Oh, Father, you're beautiful beyond description.
You're too marvelous for words. You're too wonderful for comprehension, like nothing ever seen or heard.
Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? Who can fathom the depth of your love?
You are beautiful beyond description. Majesty enthroned above. I stand in awe of you. That is to Him.
And then when I get that stirred up on the inside of me and you stir it up, Holy Spirit, help me to pray today.
Holy Spirit, teach me to pray. Teach me to pray. I can't pray good enough without you.
Teach me to pray. The Bible says that He will teach you all things. In fact, there is scripture to back that.
I don't know where it is located on the street corner, but it's what I always say.
What is the address to it on the street corner? You get what is the He will lead you into all truth.
He will teach you in all things. And so I know when you ask Him and you lean on Him confidently, oh Holy Spirit, I need you.
Help me to pray better. Help me. Teach me to pray. Teach me to pray.
He is an ever-present help in a time of need. Be ye filled with the Holy Ghost.
Pray in the spirit. Teach me to pray effectively. What scripture is it, son?
It is: "Howbeit when He, the Spirit of truth, is come, He will guide you into all truth.
For He shall not speak of Himself, but whatsoever He shall hear, that shall He speak, and He will show you things to come.
He shall glorify Me, for He shall receive of Mine and shall show it unto you."Okay.
So basically bottom line, everything that I am telling you is right there.
He will show you things to come. That is what you're doing in a watchman. He will show you things to come. Visions. John 16:13.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that tonight you're becoming so real to them.
Now, part two of that, when I was praying, I saw something under the water, but as I was praying, I saw seismic activity underneath the water and it split and it looked like a circle with a pie piece cut out of it.
I saw a volcano getting ready to erupt off of Japan's coast. Again, Japan was about ready to have a major shaking.
A major earthquake is about to take place in Japan. I saw the Ring of Fire with major earthquakes popping up on every single one of them.
The Lord said, "We're about to see seismic activity of biblical proportions in the ocean on the Pacific."Get ready for major disruption in your oceans.
The Lord said when I was praying, I was jumping off of it. He said, "Nope, stay on this and then you can go over here."But you're about to see biblical proportion earthquakes in the Cascadia on the Ring of Fire.
Is that right? The Cascadia. Yeah, the Ring of Fire. That is in the Pacific. Yep.
I don't want to quote things wrong because I because of names, but I saw a shaking under the water and but when I saw this, I saw seismic activity with a circle with a pie cut out of it and I saw it radiate and He said, "It is shaking, son."And as I was doing that with this part, Braden is amazing because you're hearing what the Lord is saying about that.
When I was praying, that came up, and I don't know if somebody told you that in the chat or whatever, but that magnitude 6.0 just happened this evening.
It happened in Oregon, off the coast. That's where I saw a major tsunami about to happen and a major volcano eruption right there at that exact spot.
So it verifies what I'm seeing by the Holy Ghost. I'm trying to tell you, I saw a great tsunami wave coming inland and really destroying Oregon's coastline.
It goes clear up to British Columbia. In this time frame, I saw 30,000 people perish.
And the Lord said that it will happen out in the water and you'll start to see the fish come up first.
It's happening. No coincidence. You can go back and verify every single thing.
We have videos to verify everything, that this is the spot the Lord said before it even started happening.
All glory to God, ladies and gentlemen. I'm not here to toot my own horn ever, but that is what the Lord warned us about right there.
I always pinpoint it; it's under the water right there. And when it happens, I saw a massive earthquake that will split Japan in half.
It's a major deal that's about to take place in this world. Five major signs.
So, that's pretty incredible, son. That happened tonight. And then they're saying that this is today.
This is a post: dozens of earthquakes shake California where the earth is tearing apart.
And then they showed this—remember I told you I saw California and part of that land break off and go into the water, but it was up towards the San Francisco area?
It broke off, and I saw the shelf of the water fell into the land—the land fell into the water like a landslide.
I saw that there was a massive quilt that was over Yellowstone and it was sewn down to the soil, and all of a sudden that became unsewn and there was a gap.
I've talked about it for over three years now, praying into the Yellowstone water, the volcanoes, and things like that.
So that just happened? What time is it? Did it just happen? Yeah, during the livestream like 20 minutes ago.
Do you know what's amazing? I saw as I was praying, I could see it shaking in my prayers.
And I almost called it out immediately, but the Lord said, 'Focus on my people.'Isn't that amazing?
The Lord is so cool. I sure love him. Oh, Father, what a time we live in right now. I don't really know where to go with it anymore.
I'm trying to find direction now because after all that, and I said all that and this...
Did that bless you, that first part, or do you say, 'Oh, Brandon, I'm never going to get there'?
I believe you will. How bad? Listen to Brother Hagin's teachings.
They help you; they help me. I listened to him today—the authority of the believer.
I need refreshers all the time. Play that. I need to go to the restroom real quick.
I've been drinking way too much water today. Play that real quick so they can see it.
And then, because that's what I saw on November 5th of 2023. Play that and I'll be right back.
I saw a square, a massive gold square that was really thick, and it was a supernatural covering that was over Yellowstone National Park.
I could see a golden thread that was woven all throughout this golden garment over that volcanic area.
And all of a sudden, I saw that rope, that golden stuff that was tied to the earth.
It was released, and it had a gap in between the earth and this golden protection that was over that area, and I felt a violent volcano go off.
And I saw Portland, Oregon. And I saw the Space Needle in Seattle completely destroyed.
I saw the area between Portland, Oregon, and the ocean going this way.
It split off from a massive earthquake, and the land from Portland, Oregon to the ocean broke off into the water.
It lifted the land higher and this land was lowered down to sea level.
It was all the way to San Francisco, but not as affected as Portland, Oregon, and Seattle.
You could still see the green grass. You could still see the trees sticking out of the water as far as you went inland.
The further you went out, the deeper the water was, but the water came in as if it were sea level, and it went for hundreds of miles.
When the land moved and shifted, it caused a humongous tidal wave that hit Alaska, Anchorage, Alaska.
The earthquake hit Alaska, too, and British Columbia. I saw all this land completely destroyed by this massive earthquake and the land was shifted up.
It was elevated where it had broken off, and the water was all coming inland. And so all of Anchorage, Alaska was on fire like Hawaii.
And I saw fire all where Alaska is, you know, all that area where all this land is right here. All the trees, all everything was on fire.
Now, I don't know why everything was on fire, but I'm talking massive fire had broken out over all this area.
And I could see from British Columbia all the way up, complete devastation.
But add into that Tokyo, Hawaii, all these areas. And I saw—I believe that's tribulation.
I just want to let y'all know I believe that's tribulation. The more I have prayed into that, the more I believe that's tribulation.
I do not believe, the more I've prayed into it and the more I've seen it, that that part right there of how devastating that is will happen during the tribulation.
Now, where we are with the volcano and the water and where all that is, I believe that's now.
We're about to see that. But that level of a shaking I believe is tribulation.
So, because I've told you there's a lot of times as I see in part—when I'm seeing into tribulation, I don't know it until I keep praying over it.
But I record these videos because it's so fresh and so on me that I want to document it.
So when I'm showing you this, that's how bad it's going to get on the West Coast someday.
But do I believe that's right now? No. I want to make that clear because after I watch that back, I go, 'No, that's not now.
That's later on. That's tribulation.'There's something major coming for tribulation.
But what I'm seeing about the volcano in the water, that's now, because we're seeing it.
It's in the news. It's happening. Does that make sense? I always want to clear that up. That helped a lot of people. It did. Right.
Because tribulation—and people go, 'Oh, Brandon, it's not going to be that bad in tribulation.'No. Tribulation's hell on earth. You have no idea.
A lot of you think, 'Oh, we're going to be able to walk around and do things.'If you're thinking, 'Well, you know, the body of Christ is still here,'I don't believe it. God is not a wife-beater.
He's not out there saying, 'Well, we're going to beat the bride and we're going to punish you and we're going to go through all the hell, too.'Get ready to batten down the hatches.
It's going to be hell on earth. That's how bad the tribulation is.
Seven years—I want you to go back seven years from today, that's even before COVID, and think of all the things that have happened from Biden to Trump now, and we'd still have another year this year and then next year, right?
To say it's a full seven years. Seven years of tribulation. No.
Yeah. 2027. And think about how much time that is. That's what I'm trying to say.
A seven-year tribulation. Three and a half years of not so bad, three and a half years of radical, right?
But all of it is tribulation. And it's going to be really, really bad.
When I see that stuff and I see these things in tribulation, like the asteroid hitting the earth—and I've had the vision of the asteroid hitting the earth that hits the islands and completely destroys all the islands, and they're wiped out.
The water hits Miami, miles and miles inland. I see it completely destroying parts of England.
It was absolute devastation everywhere when I saw the asteroid hit the earth.
I heard it. It sounded like it would burst your eardrums out of your head.
It deafened you. It's so loud. It sounds like whenever you hear a sonic boom.
It was a sonic boom a billion times more. It broke when it came through.
It busted all the glass out of the houses, your cars, everything.
Completely destroyed all the glass through buildings. I'll never forget it.
When I was in the spirit, I saw the asteroid hitting the earth.
When it did, all the islands—San Juan, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, St.
Martin, all the Bahamas—were completely gone. What do you mean, Brandon?
Cuba, gone. The water from the tsunami of this thing completely took them out.
It went over the mountains in Cuba. I'm talking the water was a massive tsunami wave.
There was complete devastation. That's how big it looked to me.
Complete devastation on the islands. This asteroid I saw hit the earth was huge. Do I believe that's the tribulation? I pray it was.
You know, because I've also seen all the dead fish, and the dead fish were by the billions everywhere.
Dead fish, and they were floating up on the water and it stunk, and everybody was here for that. You remember when I prayed that through?
So, there are so many things the Lord shows me that are coming: tsunami waves hitting the water, hitting the coast, hitting Cape Hatteras, hitting these areas, and the complete devastation of the water.
Now, when you're seeing into the tribulation, you have to pray about it.
I said, 'Lord, what are you showing me?'Remember, I saw the angels that looked like waterfalls; there were four of them.
They were blowing the horns and they said, 'Woe, woe, woe, Earth.
This is it.'That's the one about the fish. You saw the fish and all that. That was one month ago.
It says tribulation means—the definition is great trouble or suffering. A state of great trouble. So I preach the Rapture.
I believe Jesus is coming for His church, and I believe He loves us and He's going to take us out of here.
And that's why He said, 'I want a harvest of souls.'Why? Because He knows what's coming and He doesn't want any of us to go through any of that.
It's your choice. 'Well, Brandon, I believe this.'I don't believe you.
Same with the flat-earthers. I don't believe in the flat-earthers. I think you're drinking some bad Kool-Aid.
If you believe in the flat earth and you want to argue with it, go argue and go watch somebody who believes in the flat earth.
I don't. I believe it's round. I believe heaven's round. I've seen it.
I was there. 'Well, I don't believe you.'I don't care what you believe.
You can go drink your Kool-Aid on the Kool-Aid channel. I'm not going to drink your Kool-Aid.
I'm not drinking it. I'm not believing it. I'm not believing that we go through the tribulation.
So if you want to believe that, then go watch somebody else. There was a man that used to preach it; he's not here anymore.
I don't remember his name. Maybe you watch his son now if that's what you want to believe.
I think Jim Bakker believes that. Go watch him. But I don't believe it.
And you can't convince me of it. I don't believe that we go through the tribulation.
Period. So, you want to argue about it? Go argue with somebody who wants to argue.
There are so many people that argue their point: 'I believe the earth is flat, Brandon, and I'm going to prove it to you.'I think you're drinking some bad stuff, and that's fine, but we can agree to disagree.
But I love you. 'I believe I'm Mormon and I believe that Joseph was right.'No, I believe you have a false doctrine and you're going to hell if you don't repent.
That's just what I believe. But people get mad at me, and I'm so glad you're here.
But I have to tell you the truth. I believe if you worship Buddha, you're going to hell, too.
But I believe that Jesus is the only way to the Son, and He's the Son of God, and the only way to the Father is through Him.
So if people want to know and then they get mad and say 'You're anti-Catholic.'I'm not anti-Catholic.
I love the Catholics, but I believe you have a false doctrine. This is what I believe. But I still love the Catholics.
Just because I believe you have a false doctrine and some of your stuff is really messed up, I still love you and I still pray with you.
Am I coming against the Catholics? No. I love them. I think they're good people. I just feel like some of your theology is messed up.
And they say, 'Well, Brandon, I believe your theology is messed up.'Well, we can agree to disagree, but still it means I love you.
Do I feel like all Catholics are going to hell? No, I'm not the judge of your soul.
All I know is the Bible says, 'Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.'You must confess your sins and He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
Who do I confess my sins to? Jesus. Not to a pope, not to a priest.
I confess them before the High Priest, my Jesus. He is the one that forgives me of my sins.
That's what the Bible says. Now, if you want to do something else, that's between you and God.
But I stand for what I believe and I stand for it strong and I'm bold about it.
And I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost. There are people who tell me I'm talking to demons.
That's what you believe. I believe you're full of poo. I don't believe that at all.
I believe in Acts chapter 2 and I believe the gifts are for today just like they were back then.
I have fruit. Do you? Let's see how fruity we get. Let's just follow Jesus.
I want to challenge you to come up higher in your relationship with Him.
Bottom line, I'm not here to be mean. I'm here to love on you. But love tells you the truth of what I believe.
If you're here and you want to listen to me and you spend hours...
Do you realize if you watch all my videos in a week, you spend ten hours a week watching me?
That's an eight-hour workweek plus. If you're going to spend that much time with me, you need to know what I think, right?
You spend more time with me than you spend almost anywhere else.
So at least you need to know what Brandon thinks if you're going to listen to me.
I'm just real with you. And like I said, I ain't perfect, but at least I stand for what I stand for.
And I have a backbone like a crowbar. And I'm not bowing. I'm not going to burn.
I believe that Jesus Christ is a healer. I believe He'll cast out a devil if you have one.
I believe He raised the dead if you believe it. I've seen dogs get up from the dead right in my hand.
I have felt the power of God leave my hand and raise a dog up from the dead right there.
I've seen it twice. Oh, Brandon. I want to teach this to teach you to practice.
You need to practice. My son was there. He can verify everything I'm saying.
Now, I've seen things and I've touched them, and nothing happened because I didn't have control over it.
I lay hands on my little girl who has autism—she is overcoming—and it was like touching a cold stove time and time again every night. I'd say, "Father, why?"And so I started learning.
My friend Billy teaches me about sovereignty and about things, and I learn more about that through him and through Kathryn and all of them from the Word of Faith crew.
"Name it, claim it,"and all the things that we've learned through the years through Brother Hagin.
So you mix the two and you go, "Hey, where does it come out?"It's beautiful. God is a good God and He loves us.
But when you tweak things and you see fruit in different people's lives—when my friend has been healed of cancer, stage four cancer twice, on death's doorstep twice—you listen to the fruit of what they have.
That's why I follow his ministry. When you see fruit, you go, "Hold on a minute.
You've been healed of cancer twice. Stage four cancer documented by the doctor. I want to know what you know.
Teach me,"versus being flaky and always going, "Well, you know, this group over here preaches this and this."No, I want fruit.
Stop being flaky. And if you don't have fruit and you keep preaching it, after a while, you want to go, "What?
Okay, where am I missing it?"But if you have fruit and you're preaching something, let me hear what you're saying because you will know them by their fruit.
And I just get tired of flakiness in churches. Don't you want to see some real sons and daughters of God rise up and be real?
Instead, you see your friends die from COVID and you go, "What's the fruit? What's up with this? Is what we believe real?
Are we believing believers?"You know, I want to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
Teach us when you have people around you that have a virus they're dying from.
And I hear people go, "Well, we'll believe God when the next virus comes, brother.
We're going to stand and fight against it."But I thought all of you were cowards during COVID and hid.
You shut your churches down, but we're going to be big and bad now?
When the next virus comes, they tell me, "Brandon, you're teaching fear."We're going to stand against it, but where were you during COVID?
You were hiding in your house. Shut up. The only one I know that kept their doors open was someone like Rodney Howard-Browne, and he went to jail for it.
At least he stood for what he believed. There were a lot of people that got scared when the law man started shutting you down.
I'm sorry, what's going to happen when the next virus comes? It's coming. But do you really believe what you believe?
There were friends—my mom and dad's friends—there in the hospital, and he died.
His name was Bob. There are a lot of people we believed for healing for, and they went home.
I just try to be real with what's coming, folks. We say, "We're going to believe God. We have provision.
We believe in Jesus as our provider."And you're all excited about it, but you don't know how to believe God for five dollars.
But He'll provide, brother. And I've seen it time and time again.
But then I see people who aren't able to pay their electric bill.
I worked at a church and our list of people believing for benevolence was so big that we had to turn half of them away because there wasn't enough money in the church's love fund to pay people's bills because they didn't know how to believe God to pay their bills.
We could only pay a portion of the electric bill because the church ran out of money because there were so many people that believed God for so much and go, "Well, they're struggling."Teach them how to sow and give.
I can tell you that's how I believe for it, and I've been there. So, I say, "Do I work?"Yes. Learning how to do eBay.
Learn how to do it, because I saw the flakiness with the charismatic prosperity stuff.
And I said, "Listen, this is how you do it. God will bless your hands and I trust Him.
You're going to take care of me and my kids."This is from a person who barely has a GED and failed it three times.
And God took me and said, "Listen, I'll teach you and your wife how to do stuff with eBay and Poshmark."But I get tired of all the flakiness.
This is from a person who lived at the bottom of it, living on food stamps, and said, "Listen, we've got to come out of this."So, I say all that, but I just get tired of the flakiness, y'all.
And I try to help you, but I'm trying to tell you a great shaking is coming like you wouldn't believe.
That's why the title, I believe, is what my son called it: the calm before the storm.
We're about to see something major. The earth is rocking and we're about to have a major earthquake.
That's what the main focus of what I was going to talk about tonight was.
And it's interesting that it happened during the livestream.
Isn't that nuts? It's not a coincidence; it's Jesus. So, did she leave?
She's so busy. Pray for my wife. She is slamming busy all the time.
She's like, "Bren, I'm running 90 miles an hour."Oh, Father, we thank You.
Help us, Father, to lead the people the best we can and not speak anything out of ourselves, but only by Your leading of the Holy Ghost.
No, I was just telling you I love you. I love you, too. If you're done, you're done.
I don't feel any pull to pray anymore. I told them what the Lord wanted.
We'll come back again tomorrow. It's already going on two hours.
So, we'll just keep being real with y'all, just like I would like to hear.
I don't take all this sugar-coated Christianity stuff and try to feed you something that's not real.
It's about how to live it and be victorious. Either you want it or you don't.
Be fruitful. I think that's the best thing. I get so tired of Hollywood Christians.
You're not doing any good service to the body of Christ. Just shut up and sit down.
Nobody's trying to put on a performance here. So, we love you.
We truly do. Thank you for joining us. I think that's good enough.
I'd probably get corrected if I was too harsh; the Holy Spirit would say something.
I'd be like, "I'm sorry I said that"tomorrow. He'd be like, "Brandon,"and I'd be like, "I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have said that like that, but I'm just raw."And I think this is like—if He wants to use me again, fine.
I hope You do, Lord. I love You. I try. Jesus, I tried. But we love you.
If you want to and you're not ticked off at me, like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
If not, fine, but we're believing believers that have issues just like you.
Everybody else does. We're all pulling ourselves up. And we're going to win and we're going to be victorious.
We're part of the army. How bad do you want your life to change? Because I've seen fruit on that side of it.
And I always go toward authentic stuff that's not below me, right?
But we're a work in progress and we're so thankful that you're here, all 8,600 of you. God bless you for being here tonight.
We'll keep our eye on the water out there and see what happens in the next 24 hours before we pray again. I pray for all protection.
I thank You, Lord, that for every believer that is on the water, there's no major tsunami that comes in and hurts anybody if you live on the coast.
I thank you, Lord, no earthquakes, no trauma, no devastation of any kind comes around Japan.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every believer is in a place of protection.
A thousand should fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing comes nigh. I pray over President Trump tonight.
I thank you for your divine protection over him, his wife, his children, and his grandchildren. And nothing shall by any means hurt them. I thank you, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the angels of the Lord that are camped around and about this nation on every corner, around Australia and New Zealand, and over Asia and over these areas, Father, that need a revival.
We call the revival forth in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord, for supernatural protection over our homes, Father, that you are our ultimate supplier.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the angels of the Lord. I thank you that our swords and shields are drawn and they're watching over us.
Thank you, Lord, that we go to work unhindered and sleep unhindered, uninterrupted, and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We thank you, Father, that we're those people that the glory of the Lord is going to be on us.
And Father, you pour out your spirit upon all flesh and your sons and your daughters will prophesy, will see visions, and the old men will dream dreams.
Thank you, Lord, that the glory of the Lord is on us for such a time as this and we arise and shine for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon us, God.
I thank you, Father, that if you can use William Seymour, you can use us for a new thing. Behold, I do a new thing.
Thank you, Lord, for these days ahead of us, Father, that we are the salt and we're the light and Jesus shines on our faces.
And everybody say, 'Amen and amen.'Well, we pray it blessed you and I thank you for being with us tonight.
God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God bless you all. Good night.